(SQL) Structured Query Language is a language for managing data held in a relational database.
    A Relational DataBase stores data in a structure way, using tables, rows, and columns.
    
(RDBMS) Relational DataBase Management System
        A DataBase Program that executes queries on the data.
        It may have a visual representation of the date (like a spreadsheet).
        PostgreSQL is a RDBMS.
    Normalization: A technique of organizing data used to eliminate redundant data & ensure its logically stored
    Normalization Rules:
        First Normal Form (1NF)
            Table should only have single valued attributes/columns
            Values stored in a column should be of same domain
            All the columns in a table have unique names
            Order in which data is stored doesn't matter
        Second Normal Form (2NF)
            Is in 1NF
            Should not have Partial Dependency
            Partial Dependency: Where an attribute in a table depends on only part of a primary key
            ex. Student and Subject identify a row. Teacher only depends on Subject for its value
        Third Normal Form (3NF)
            Is in 2NF
            Doesn't hav Transitive Dependency
            Transitive Dependency: Where a non-prime attribute depends on another non-prime attribute.
                ex. Score depends on Exam rather than Student and Subject.
        ACID Properties: ACID refers to the 4 key properties of a transaction
            Atomicity
                All data changes are performed as a single operation, so changes are all or nothing.
            Consistency
                Data is in a consistent state when a transaction starts and when it ends.
            Isolation
                Intermediate state of a transaction is invisible to other transactions.
                ex. when transferring funds, the money is in one account or another, but not in both or neither.
                    There are 3 Read Phenomena when transaction 1 reads data that transaction 2 may have changed:
                        Dirty Reads:
                            A transaction is allowed to read data
                            from a row that has been modified by another running transaction and not 
                            yet committed.
                            So, the data might not be accurate, since it might be rolled-back and not 
                            changed.
                        Non-repeatable Reads:
                            During a transaction, a row is retrieved twice, and its contents differ.
                        Phantom Reads:
                            In the course of a transaction, new rows are added/removed by another 
                            transaction to the records being read.
            Durability
                After a transaction, changes in data remain and aren't undone.

(DDL) Data Definition Language is used to create structures / tables. 
    Its statements can be freely mixed with SQL statements, effectively making DDL not a separate language.
    Statements:
        CREATE: used to establish a new database, table, index, or stored procedure.
            ex. CREATE TABLE [table name] ([column definitions]) [table parameters]
        DROP: used to destroy an existing database, table, index, or view.
            ex. DROP object_type object_name.
        DELETE doesn't remove the table itself
        ALTER: modifies existing object.
            ex. ALTER object_type object_name parameters.
            ex. ALTER TABLE sink DROP COLUMN bubbles;
        TRUNCATE: used to delete all data from a table. It's faster than DELETE.
            ex. TRUNCATE TABLE table_name;

(DML) Data Manipulation Language is used for adding, deleting, and modifying data in a database.
    SELECT
        A part of DQL, except when FROM or WHERE is added to the statement.
        ex. SELECT ... FROM ... WHERE ...
        SELECT ... INTO ...
        INSERT INTO ... VALUES ...
            ex. INSERT INTO employees (first_name, last_name, fname) VALUES ('John', 'Capita', 'xcapit00')
        UPDATE ... SET ... WHERE ...
        DELETE FROM ... WHERE ...

(DQL) Data Query Language performs queries on the data within schema objects.
    It allows you to search and find data.
    SELECT
        ex. SELECT column_name FROM table_name
            WHERE column_name IN (data)
    BETWEEN allows ranged checking.
    Clauses:
        from, where, group by, having, order by
    Aggregate Functions
        max, min, sum, count, avg

Quiz Notes:
    In the code ...

    public class Animal { }
    public class Bird extends Dog { }
    public class Reptile extends Animal { }
    public class Dinosaur extends Reptile { }
    public class Dog extends Animal { }
    public class Eagle extends Bird { }
    public class Raptor extends Bird { }
    public class Velociraptor extends Dinosaur { }

    ... Eagle is considered an instance of Animal, Dog, Bird, and Eagle.
        Animal > Dog > Bird > Eagle

    Inheritance does NOT create a "has-a(n)" relationship between two objects
    The default type of variable for decimals is double
    an int is 4 bytes
    If a, b, and c refer to instances of primitive wrapper classes:
        a.equals(a) will always return true
        a.equals(b) returns false if they refer to instances of different classes

    In the code ...

        package com.revature
    public class Base { 
        // .... 
        // lot of code... }

    ... the class can be refferred to from outside of the package by referring to the class as:
        com.revature.Base or importing com.revature and refferring to the class as Base
    
    TreeSet doesn't allow null values
    List allows duplicate elements
    Set doesn't allow duplicate elements
    A Stack is a collection that is based on the last-in-first-out (LIFO) policy.
    The values to any static String variable are stored in the Heap Area.
    StringBuilder is faster than StringBuffer
    The StringBuilder class does NOT extend the String Class
    The String Pool is:
         A location in memory where strings referenced as literals in an application are stored.
    Overloaded methods CAN change return type.
    A Reserved Word, or Keyword, is a word used by the JVM to represent an instruction
    The Java Compiler (javac) transforms Java code into instructions usable by the JVM
    The difference betweeen a primitve and a reference variable is:
        A primitive variable stores a value,
        a reference variable stores the memory address of an object